README.markdown, before:

Storm integration with the Mesos cluster resource manager. This runs in production within Twitter.

Prebuilt Storm/Mesos releases are available from the [downloads page](https://github.com/nathanmarz/storm-mesos/downloads).

To use a release, you first need to unpack the distribution, fill in configurations listed below into the conf/storm.yaml file, and then repack the distribution.

Be sure to use Mesos as of [this commit](https://github.com/apache/mesos/commit/caff34a67fd855067089f30f68e46e325659ad08), as prior versions of Mesos had some bugs.

Along with the Mesos master and Mesos cluster, you'll need to run the Storm master as well. Launch Nimbus with this command: 

```
bin/storm-mesos nimbus
```

It's recommended that you also run the UI on the same machine as Nimbus via the following command:

```
bin/storm ui
```

There's a minor bug in the UI where it displays the number of slots in the cluster – you don't need to worry about this.

Topologies are submitted to a Storm/Mesos cluster the exact same way they are submitted to a regular Storm cluster.

Storm/Mesos provides resource isolation between topologies. So you don't need to worry about topologies interfering with one another.

## Native libraries

The distribution comes with ZeroMQ bundled in the native/ dir. These are built for Linux. If running on a different platform, you should replace these with appropriately built ZeroMQ binaries. Or, you can install them on each worker machine and use the configuration to point Storm to the correct binaries (see below).

## Mandatory configurations:

1. `mesos.executor.uri`: Once you fill in the configs and repack the distribution, you need to place the distribution somewhere where Mesos executors can find it. Typically this is on HDFS, and this config is the location of where you put the distibution.
2. `mesos.master.url`: URL for the Mesos master.
3. `java.library.path`: Needs the location of the ZeroMQ libs and the Mesos native libraries. The Storm/Mesos distribution comes with the native ZeroMQ libraries in the "native" folder (for Linux). This config is typically set to "native:{location of mesos native libs}"
4. `storm.zookeeper.servers`: The location of the Zookeeper servers to be used by the Storm master.
5. `nimbus.host`: The hostname of where you run Nimbus.

Commit message:

Added requirements section and more details in README.

README.markdown, after:

# Overview 
Storm integration with the Mesos cluster resource manager. This runs in production within Twitter.

Prebuilt Storm/Mesos releases are available from the [downloads page](https://github.com/nathanmarz/storm-mesos/downloads).

To use a release, you first need to unpack the distribution, fill in configurations listed below into the conf/storm.yaml file and start Nimbus using `storm-mesos nimbus`. 

The Mesosphere site has a tutorial which goes into more [details](http://mesosphere.io/learn/run-storm-on-mesos/).

**Note:** It is **not** necessary to repack the distribution - the configuration is automatically pushed out to the slaves from Nimbus.

# Requirements
- Oracle JDK 1.7   
OpenJDK 1.7 might work too, but that has not been tested.   
The code was compiled with Oracle JDK 1.7 and will not work on Java 1.6.

- wget  
The config files are being pulled onto the slaves from the master through wget. Please make sure it is installed.


# Running Storm on Mesos
Along with the Mesos master and Mesos cluster, you'll need to run the Storm master as well. Launch Nimbus with this command: 

```
bin/storm-mesos nimbus
```

It's recommended that you also run the UI on the same machine as Nimbus via the following command:

```
bin/storm ui
```

There's a minor bug in the UI where it displays the number of slots in the cluster – you don't need to worry about this.

Topologies are submitted to a Storm/Mesos cluster the exact same way they are submitted to a regular Storm cluster.

Storm/Mesos provides resource isolation between topologies. So you don't need to worry about topologies interfering with one another.

## Native libraries

The distribution does not rely on ZeroMQ anymore. It was replaced in favor of Netty which eliminates the need to rely on system specific binaries.

## Mandatory configurations:

1. `mesos.executor.uri`: Once you fill in the configs and repack the distribution, you need to place the distribution somewhere where Mesos executors can find it. Typically this is on HDFS, and this config is the location of where you put the distibution.

2. `mesos.master.url`: URL for the Mesos master.

3. `java.library.path`: Needs the location of the ZeroMQ libs and the Mesos native libraries. The Storm/Mesos distribution comes with the native ZeroMQ libraries in the "native" folder (for Linux). This config is typically set to "native:{location of mesos native libs}"

4. `storm.zookeeper.servers`: The location of the Zookeeper servers to be used by the Storm master.

5. `nimbus.host`: The hostname of where you run Nimbus.
